Hi. I'm Kirsten Dupart with
AWS Training and Certification.
Welcome to this
introductory course
on Amazon Machine Learning.
I've been with Amazon
for a year and a half,
and I'm currently responsible
for curriculum development within
the AWS Training and
Certification organization.
I'll begin this course with
an overview of machine learning,
and we'll talk about how data
plays an important role.
After the overview, we'll
discuss an innovative
way to build
smart applications and walk
through a few use cases,
and then we'll wrap up
with a discussion of
the AWS frameworks and services
you can use for machine
learning applications.
Machine learning is a subset
of artificial intelligence.
It helps you use historical data
to make better
business decisions.
Machine learning is also
a process where
machines take data,
analyze it to
generate predictions,
and use those predictions
to make decisions.
Those predictions
generate results,
and those results are used to
improve future predictions.
Machine learning can make
predictions from huge datasets.
It can also optimize utility
functions and extract
hidden patterns and
structures from
those datasets by
classifying data.
This enables a
software program to
learn and make predictions
in the future.
Machine learning enables you to
establish a cycle of improvement
using the data you
collect from things like
clickstreams,
purchases, and likes.
Machine learning is
used in a number of
ways across a number
of industries.
For example, it can be used
to detect fraudulent
transactions,
filter spam emails, flag
suspicious reviews, and so on.
You begin by mining
large amounts of data to
identify patterns among
the card transactions.
With these patterns, you can
train the machine learning
model to flag fraudulent
transactions.
It can also be used to
personalize content for users
by recommending content and
predictive content loading.
Machine learning can be used
for targeted marketing,
matching customers with
offers they might like,
choosing marketing campaigns, and
cross-selling or upselling items.
Machine learning
can also be used to
automate categorisation
of documents
such as matching
hiring managers and
resumes by learning to
understand written content.
It can be used in customer
service to provide
predictive routing
of customer emails
based on the content
and the sender,
as well as social media
listening capabilities.
Machine Learning systems discover
hidden patterns in data,
and use these patterns to
predict patterns in the future.
For example, if you're
analyzing retail data and
a product name contains
words like jeans or jacket,
then this product category
likely belongs to a parallel.
Machine learning systems
learn from examples in
the same way that children
learn language or patterns.
It can group data into a summary,
and it can also define data in
a more granular concise way.
Think of machine learning as
a combination of
methods and systems.
These methods in systems
predict new data based
on observed data,
extract hidden structure
from the data,
summarize data into
concise descriptions,
optimize an action given
a cost function
and observed data,
and adapt based on observed data.
The field of machine learning
is often classified into
the following broad categories:
supervised learning,
unsupervised learning, and
reinforcement learning.
In supervised learning,
the inputs to the model
including the example outputs
also known as labels,
are known and the model learns to
generalize the outputs
from these examples.
In unsupervised learning,
the labels aren't known.
The model finds patterns in
structure from the
data without any help.
In reinforcement learning,
the model learns by
interacting with
its environment
and learns to take
action to maximize
the total reward.
In supervised learning,
the inputs to
the model in the example
outputs are provided,
and the model learns
to generalize
the outputs from these examples.
The human teachers
experience is used to tell
the model which outputs are
correct and which are not.
This doesn't mean
that the teacher
has to be physically present,
only that the teachers'
classifications must be present.
With the help of a
large training dataset,
the model learns
from its error and
changes its weight to reduce
its prediction error.
In classification,
the output variable is
a category like color,
which could be red,
blue, or green,
and it results in true or
false for a particular question.
In regression, the output
variable is a number
or a value like weight,
dollars, or temperature.
In unsupervised learning
which is also called
self-organization,
there's no teacher.
It's based solely on
local information.
Here, the model
uses only the data
presented to the network
without any labels,
and it detects the
emerging properties
of the whole dataset.
The model then
constructs patterns from
the available information
without any pre-trained data.
In clustering, the model
discovers groupings in
the data like grouping
customers based on their
purchasing behavior.
In association, the
model discovers
rules that govern
large chunks of data,
for example customers
who buy product A,
also tend to buy product B.
In reinforcement learning,
a software agent determines
the ideal behavior within
a specific context for
a particular problem.
The agent takes the input and
decides the best action
for the problem,
and then based on the
results of the action,
the agent than receives
simple reward feedback to
allow it to learn
from its behavior.
The agent is encouraged
to select an action
that maximizes the
reward in the long-term.
This type of machine
learning algorithm is
inspired by behavioral
psychology.
Part of getting useful
information out of
your Machine Learning system
is having a smart application.
Your smart application will
use machine learning to
analyze your data and
predict future outcomes,
which are necessary to
make business decisions.
This can include using
machine learning
for business questions
such as predicting
customer trends like whether
customers will use a
particular product of yours,
or to determine if an
order is fraudulent.
Based on the customer
data you already have,
you can find patterns in
the data and then generate
predictions to drive your product
features and improvements.
While machine learning is
a rapidly growing field
with an enormous upside
for companies to use,
there are some challenges
to take into consideration
when building your
machine learning
based smart application.
For instance, some machine
learning technology can
be complex to use and
implement appropriately,
requiring high levels of
expertise that can take
time to hire or develop.
Another challenge is finding
the right technology that
scales to the needs of customers.
Finally, being able to tie
machine learning to a business
application can take time.
In other words, refining
your models so that
your product app
can use that model
productively can
require a lot of time.
These are the three primary
considerations you should take
into account when building
your machine learning
application.
One way to help address
these challenges
could be to use Amazon
Machine Learning.
We have offerings in Amazon
Machine Learning and
Spark on Amazon
Elastic MapReduce or
Amazon EMR for customers
who want to fully
manage platform for building
models using their own data.
For developers and data
scientists who want to
focus on building models,
the platform services
remove the
undifferentiated overhead
associated with deploying and
managing infrastructure
for training and hosting.
Amazon Machine Learning support
supervised machine
learning approaches.
These enable you to predict
specific machine learning tasks
such as binary classification,
multiclass classification,
and regression.
Binary classification
predicts the answer
to a yes or no question.
For example, is this
email spam or not spam?
Is this product a book or a toy,
or is this review written
by a customer or a robot?
Multiclass classification
predicts the correct
category from a list.
For example, is this product
a movie or clothing?
Is this movie a romantic,
comedy, documentary,
or thriller, or which category
of products is most
interesting to this customer?
Regression predicts the
value of a numeric variable.
For example, what will
the temperature be
in Seattle tomorrow?
Or for this product,
how many units will sell?
Lastly, how many days before
the customer stops
using the application?
At a broad level, these
are the steps involved in
building a smart application
using Amazon Machine Learning.
To train a model,
you need to create
a data source object
pointing to your data,
explore and understand your data,
and transform data
and train your model.
To then evaluate and
optimize the model,
you need to understand
model quality
and adjust model interpretation.
After that, you can retrieve
batch and real-time predictions.
Let's take a quick look at
a case study for using
Amazon Machine Learning.
Zillow is a company that provides
home valuations online
in the United States.
When the company
needed to provide
more timely home
valuations for customers,
they decided to run their
home valuation tool using
Amazon Kinesis for
data ingestion,
and Apache Spark on
Amazon EMR for data
processing and analysis.
Now, Zillow runs its
machine learning
tasks in hours instead of days,
and it provides more
accurate valuation data too.
I hope you learned a
little something and we'll
continue to explore
our other courses.
Again, I'm Kirsten Dupart with
AWS Training and Certification,
thanks for watching.